CA1 QUESTIONS

Write a program in Python to find the addition & average of three float numbers.
Write a program in Python to find the volume of a sphere with radius  6cm.
Write a program in Python to find the area of a circle.
Write a program in Python to compute simple Interest.
Write a program in Python to swap two numbers without using third variable
Write a program in Python to convert any temperature from Celcius to Fahrenheit. 
Write a program in Python to convert a given number of days into days, month, year and week.
Write a Python Program to find the gravitational force acting between two objects.
[G=N*(m1*m2)/d^2]

Write a program in Python to find given no is Even or Odd.
Take input from user if it is greater than 15 print two times of difference if it’s less than 15 print four times of difference.
Write a program in Python to find largest among three numbers.
Write a program in Python to check a triangle is equilateral,scalene or isosclees..
Write a program in Python to check a given year is leapyear or not.
Take marks of a student of four different subject find average depending on average find Grade(if marks >=75 i.e,’A’ or >=60 but <=75 i.e,’B’ or >=40 but <=60 i.e,’C’ or <=40 i.e,’D’).
Write a program in Python to implement a simple calculator

Write a program in Python to find the roots of Quadratic equation.
Write a program in Python to print 1 to n.
Write a program in Python to print sum of natural number.
Write a program in Python to print Sum of Digit.
Write a program in Python to print Factors of a Number.
Write a program in Python to print Reverse of a Number.
Write a Python program to find Factorial of a given number.
Write a Python program to check a number is palindrome or not.
Write a Python program to check a number is prime or not.
Write a Python program to check a number is Armstrong or not.
Write a Python program to print Fibonacci series of n term
Write a Python program to implement multiplication table.
Write a Python program to take a input from user in a list and print it.
Write a Python program to find the average of n numbers using list.
Write a Python program to find the largest element in the list.
Write a Python program to perform Linear search.

Write a program that accepts sequence of lines as input and prints the lines after making all characters in the sentence capitalized.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
Hello world
Practice makes perfect
Then, the output should be:
HELLO WORLD
PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT

Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma‐separated numbers from console and generate a list and a tuple which contains every number.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
34,67,55,33,12,98
Then, the output should be:
['34', '67', '55', '33', '12', '98']
('34', '67', '55', '33', '12', '98')

Write a program that computes the net amount of a bank account based a transaction log from console input. The transaction log format is shown as following:
D 100
W 200
¡
D means deposit while W means withdrawal.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
D 300
D 300
W 200
D 100
Then, the output should be:
500